What is Intercom?
How Intercom works, what it can do for your business, and what makes it different from other solutions.

Beth-Ann Sher avatar
Written by Beth-Ann Sher
Updated over 2 months ago

The Intercom Customer Service Suite combines the #1 AI agent for customer support with a next-gen Helpdesk—built on a single platform that maximizes team efficiency and delivers superior service.

Agents work smarter and faster, reducing time to resolution and increasing their service quality.

Support leaders see increased scale, efficiency, and operational savings—cutting hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in support costs each month. 

Customers receive faster, smoother, more personalized service—ultimately leading to increased customer satisfaction (CSAT) and loyalty.

What does Intercom offer?
Fin AI Agent
Fin is the highest-performing AI agent in customer service, combining industry-leading capabilities with the patented Fin AI Engine™ to resolve more queries than any other AI agent. With an average resolution rate of 57%, Fin answers queries and takes action in any language, on any channel—and knows exactly when to collaborate, escalate, and hand off to your team.
 

Helpdesk
The next-gen Helpdesk equips agents with powerful AI tools, actionable insights, and seamless workflows—so they can work more efficiently and resolve complex queries faster. With omnichannel and multilingual support, customizable inboxes, and centralized ticketing, as well as AI-driven workflows, seamless third-party integrations, and unified AI and human insights, the Helpdesk empowers your team to deliver personalized, consistent support at scale.


Plus proactive support capabilities
With proactive support features and outbound messaging, your team can seamlessly onboard new customers, guide users in real time, and proactively address issues through automated, contextual messages—before they become support tickets.


Explore all features.


What sets Intercom apart?
The Intercom Customer Service Suite delivers superior customer service at scale—bringing AI and human support into one connected system that continuously improves performance:

Fin AI Agent handles your frontline support.

Human agents handle the complex queries.

The system improves with every resolution.


Who uses Intercom?
Over 30,000 businesses worldwide trust Intercom to power their support operations. From early-stage startups to fast-growing mid-market companies, Intercom offers three plans to cater for all your needs. 


The Intercom Customer Service Suite scales with teams across diverse industries—from highly regulated environments like Finance and Fintech to dynamic sectors like eCommerce and eGaming—simplifying the complexity and uncertainty in customer service.


Is Intercom for you?
Start a free trial and find out — no credit card required.