Knowledge explained
Start managing and organizing your internal and external support to power AI, agents and self-serve support.

Beth-Ann Sher avatar
Written by Beth-Ann Sher
Updated over 7 months ago
Knowledge in Intercom is a modern, centralized knowledge management system that makes it easy to manage, optimize, and configure all of the content that powers human agents, AI Agents, and self-serve support.



Manage and store all of your support content
Knowledge allows you to manage and store all your support content in one central place. Simply go to Knowledge > Sources to get started.



Create, sync, or import content from external sources
You can create content natively in Intercom, or choose to sync or import content from your existing external sources:

Create new public articles

Create new internal articles

Create new snippets

Sync public articles with Zendesk

Import public articles from Zendesk

Sync or import internal articles from external sources

Sync and manage websites

Upload and manage PDF files



See an overview of content types you can create in Intercom and when to use them.

 

Power Fin, Copilot, and your Help Center
With all knowledge living in one place, you can easily decide which content you want to enable for:

Fin to resolve customer questions instantly,

Copilot to use when supporting teammates internally, and

Help Center where your customers can search and self-serve information.


All of your Help Center articles and any content you’ve previously added to Fin AI Agent will automatically be accessible in Knowledge > Content.



Manage audience targeting for different content types
When using content with Fin, you can configure custom audiences which target the right content at the right customer.

 


 

Organize your content into folders
All folders will appear in alphabetical order on the left sidebar of the Content page in Knowledge, and you can create new ones with up to 10 sub-folders to organize your content the way you want to.

 


 

Search, filter, and take bulk actions
Finding information has never been easier with a universal search available across all of your content, and filters to make your search narrower. 


 

Once you’ve found what you’re looking for, quickly select the content and take bulk actions, including:

Change AI Copilot state

Change AI Agent state

Move to folder

Change audience

Change Help Center status

Change language

Delete content and folders

 

Manage teammate access and permissions
All teammates in your workspace will have access to find and view content in Knowledge, but if you want to restrict who can create, edit and manage content - you can with Knowledge permissions.