Intercom plans explained
Beth-Ann Sher avatar
Written by Beth-Ann Sher
Updated over 2 weeks ago
This article refers to our new pricing plans. For information about one of our legacy plans, please log in to view these articles instead, or contact us through the Messenger.


Our pricing plans are designed with simplicity in mind, removing unnecessary complexity, and helping you to have a clear understanding of what you're paying for.


Customer Service Suite plans
When you join Intercom, you’ll be given a workspace with a core plan of your choice - Essential, Advanced, or Expert. It’s possible to upgrade or downgrade between these plans.


Each teammate requires a seat which gives them access to Intercom’s Customer Service Suite. The plan you choose determines the monthly seat price. None of our plans have seat minimums or maximums - you can purchase as few or as many seats as you need. 


The Advanced and Expert plans also include a number of lite seats, which provide limited access to Intercom.


All prices are shown in United States Dollars (USD). 


Pricing and features

Essential
Advanced
Expert
Monthly seat price
$39/seat
No lite seats

$99/seat
20 lite seats included

$139/seat
50 lite seats included

Discounted seat price on annual subscription

$29/seat

$85/seat

$132/seat

Key Features
Includes features:

Fin AI Agent

Messenger

Shared Inbox and Ticketing system

Pre-built reports

Public Help Center

Simple automations

Every Essential feature, plus:

Multiple team Inboxes

Workflows

Round robin assignment

Private and multilingual Help Center

Tickets portal

Custom reports

Additional integrations: Slack, Salesforce, Marketo and more

Every Advanced feature, plus:

SSO & identity management

HIPAA support

Service level agreements (SLAs)

Multibrand Messenger / Help Center

Workload management

Team office hours and reply time

Extended API limit  

Real-time dashboard

Best For
The customer support plan for individuals, startups, and small businesses.

Powerful automation tools and AI features for growing support teams.

Collaboration, security, and multibrand features for large support teams.


All plans include free, unlimited live-chat, support email, in-app chats, banners, and tooltips. Visit our pricing page for a detailed breakdown of features included on each plan. 


Usage-based charges
When using Fin AI Agent on your plan, it costs $0.99 per resolution. You'll also pay-as-you-go for email campaigns, SMS, WhatsApp, and Phone. Every plan gives you access to these features, and you’ll only pay for what you use. 


Use our intuitive Pricing Calculator to effortlessly project your expenses and gain clarity on how Intercom fits within your budget.


Add-ons
Proactive Support Plus
Proactive Support Plus is designed to streamline your outbound efforts with extra features specifically designed for Proactive Support. You’ll be charged a flat fee per month plus usage-based charges for Messages Sent, if you exceed your monthly allowance. You can purchase this add-on for any plan.


Copilot unlimited usage
Copilot is a personal AI assistant designed to revolutionize support agent efficiency. All teammates with a full seat will have access to Copilot included usage (up to 10 conversations per month). Unlimited usage can be purchased as a flexible per seat add-on for each teammate on any plan.


Services 
With these optional service add-ons, you can gain access to personalized onboarding and priority customer support.

Premier Onboarding - Gives access to an onboarding specialist to provide custom onboarding help for a one-time fee.

Premier Support - Gives access to faster response times, priority escalations, video chat, and greater availability from our CS team for a monthly recurring fee.

Contact Sales if you’re interested in one of these services.


Fin AI Agent for your existing helpdesk
When purchasing Fin for your existing helpdesk (Zendesk, Salesforce, and more) the following pricing applies:

$0.99 per Fin resolution

50 resolutions per month minimum.

Unlimited teammates – No seat costs.

There are no additional costs, such as integration fees, setup fees, or platform charges for using Fin on your existing helpdesk.


Features include:

Set up in under an hour on your current helpdesk

Answers email, live chat, phone and more

Customizable tone & answer length

Takes action on external systems

Hands off to agents in preferred helpdesk


Discounts 
Startups get 90% off Intercom + 1 year of Fin free on Intercom's Early Stage program. Find out what’s included and whether you’re eligible to apply here.


Getting started
Start a free trial - no credit card required. During the 14-day trial, you’ll have access to your chosen plan along with Proactive Support Plus and Copilot unlimited usage.


After the free trial period, simply confirm the plan you want, and add your credit card details to continue using Intercom.


Visit our pricing FAQs for more answers and details about pricing, plans and joining Intercom.